NASA Announces Briefing on Carbon Mission Science Results
Oct. 10, 2017 - NASA will hold a media teleconference at 2 p.m. EDT Thursday, Oct. 12, to discuss new research to be published this week on changing global levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. The research is based on data from NASA\'s Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 (OCO-2) mission and other satellites.

NASA TV to Broadcast Hispanic Heritage Event
Oct. 10, 2017 - NASA will celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month at the James Webb Auditorium in the agency\'s headquarters in Washington on Thursday, Oct. 12, with a discussion of the contributions of Hispanics to NASA\'s mission and the importance of Hispanic representation in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education and careers.

NASA to Televise International Space Station Cargo Ship Launch
Oct. 10, 2017 - NASA Television will provide live coverage of the launch and docking of a Russian cargo spacecraft delivering almost three tons of food, fuel and supplies to the International Space Station beginning at 5:15 a.m. EDT Thursday, Oct. 12.

Media Accreditation Opens for Launch of NOAA\'s JPSS-1 Satellite
Oct. 6, 2017 - The Joint Polar Satellite System-1 (JPSS-1), the first in a new series of four highly advanced National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) polar-orbiting satellites, which will help increase weather forecast accuracy from three to seven days out, is scheduled to launch on Friday, Nov. 10 from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California.

NASA Offers Access to Cygnus Spacecraft Ahead of Next Space Station Mi
Oct. 6, 2017 - Media are invited to view and photograph Orbital ATK\'s Cygnus spacecraft, packed with cargo and scientific experiments for its upcoming flight to the International Space Station, at 10:30 a.m. EDT Wednesday, Oct. 18, at NASA\'s Wallops Flight Facility on Wallops Island, Virginia.

NASA Statement on National Space Council Policy
Oct. 5, 2017 - The following is a statement from acting NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot about the results from the first meeting of the National Space Council on Thursday:

Michigan Students to Speak with NASA Astronauts on Space Station
Oct. 5, 2017 - Students at St. Mary Cathedral School in Gaylord, Michigan, will speak with NASA astronauts living, working and doing research aboard the International Space Station at 11 a.m. EDT Friday, Oct. 6.

NASA Provides Coverage for First Meeting of the National Space Council
Oct. 4, 2017 - NASA Television and the agency\'s website will provide live coverage of the first meeting of the National Space Council starting at 10 a.m. EDT Thursday, Oct. 5.

Next International Space Station Crew Available for News Conference
Oct. 3, 2017 - NASA astronaut Scott Tingle and crewmates Anton Shkaplerov of the Russian space agency Roscosmos and Norishige Kanai of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) will discuss their upcoming mission to the International Space Station in a news conference at 2 p.m. EDT on Wednesday, Oct. 11 at NASA\'s Johnson Space Center in Houston.

NASA Invites Media to \'Rocket Day\' for Space Launch System
Sept. 29, 2017 - Media are invited to learn about NASA\'s deep space exploration plans and view hardware for the world\'s most powerful rocket, NASA\'s Space Launch System (SLS), at the agency\'s Rocket Day, Wednesday, Oct. 11, at NASA locations in Mississippi and Louisiana.

NASA Opens Media Accreditation for November Space Station Cargo
Sept. 29, 2017 - Media accreditation is open for the launch of the eighth Orbital ATK cargo resupply flight to the International Space Station from NASA\'s Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia.

South Carolina Students to Speak with NASA Astronaut on Space Station
Sept. 28, 2017 - Students at Laing Middle School in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, near Charleston, will speak with a NASA astronaut living, working and doing research aboard the International Space Station at 11:30 a.m. EDT Monday, Oct. 2.

Briefing, NASA Television Coverage Set for Upcoming US Spacewalks
Sept. 28, 2017 - Three American astronauts aboard the International Space Station will embark on a trio of spacewalks in October to perform station maintenance. NASA Television and the agency\'s website will provide live coverage of the spacewalks, as well as a briefing to discuss the work to be performed.

Vice President Pence Visits NASA\'s Marshall Space Flight Center
Sept. 26, 2017 - Vice President Mike Pence offered his thanks Monday to employees working on NASA\'s human spaceflight programs during a tour of the agency\'s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama.

Vice President Pence to Visit NASA\'s Marshall Space Flight Center
Sept. 24, 2017 - Vice President Mike Pence will visit NASA\'s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, on Monday, Sept. 25.

Students at National Air and Space Museum to Speak with NASA Astronaut
Sept. 21, 2017 - Students at the Smithsonian\'s National Air and Space Museum in Washington will speak with a NASA astronaut living, working and doing research aboard the International Space Station at 12:25 a.m. EDT Wednesday, Sept. 27, as part of a “STEM in 30” broadcast.

Media Invited to View NASA Spacecraft That Will Touch Our Sun
Sept. 20, 2017 - NASA\'s Parker Solar Probe will be humanity\'s first-ever mission to explore the Sun\'s outer atmosphere. Media are invited to see the spacecraft and learn about the mission from noon to 2 p.m. EDT Monday, Sept. 25, at Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland, where the probe is being built.

NASA Awards Contract for Architectural, Engineering Support Services
Sept. 15, 2017 - NASA selected AECOM Technical Services, Inc. of San Francisco to provide architectural and engineering services to the Facilities Engineering branch at NASA\'s Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, California.

NASA Awards Contract for Ground Processing of Spaceflight Cargo
Sept. 15, 2017 - NASA has awarded a contract to Leidos Innovations Corporation in Houston to provide pressurized cargo packing and unpacking for the International Space Station Program.

NASA\'s Cassini Spacecraft Ends Its Historic Exploration of Saturn
Sept. 15, 2017 - A thrilling epoch in the exploration of our solar system came to a close today, as NASA\'s Cassini spacecraft made a fateful plunge into the atmosphere of Saturn, ending its 13-year tour of the ringed planet.

